That's a great way to stay motivated. I used to walk a lot when I was in college.
Well, you seem like a nice person, and you're good at holding a conversation.
I like to play all kinds of games, but I'm really into RPGs right now.
I like a lot of different anime, but my favorite is probably Dragon Ball Z.
I'm a grandparent at 44, so I don't get to read as much as I used to, but I still love it when I can.
I've heard good things about that game. I've been wanting to try it.
Well, it was nice talking to you. I hope we can chat again sometime.
I know a great place. It's called "The Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf."
I like to take my dog for walks, and I also like to play video games.
I'm not sure yet. I might go to the movies or something.
It's a role-playing game where you collect and train monsters to battle other monsters. It's a lot of fun.
I usually catch sunfish. They are not very good to eat, but they are pretty.
It can be, but it can also be really repetitive.
It's not as easy as it looks. It can be a lot of work, but it's also a lot of fun.
We should hang out sometime and watch a movie or something.
I brew beer at home. It's a lot of fun and it's a great way to relax.
Me too. I love tacos with guacamole, sour cream, and cheese.
I like playing all kinds of games, but I'm really into RPGs right now.
That's something I miss about working at a startup.
It's not too difficult, once you get used to it.
I'm really enjoying Elden Ring right now.
I know what you mean. It's always a pleasure to re-read.
It's hard to choose just one, but I'd say "The Message" by Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five.
Thanks. I think it's a great job. I love working with kids.
My family is the most important thing to me.
I think my favorite song is "Tear Down the House."
It is, especially when the sun is shining.
That's a good quality to have as a telemarketer.
Yeah, me too. Maybe we can go for a walk next weekend.
I know, I know. I'll get around to it one of these days.
We sell a variety of clothes, including dresses, pants, skirts, and shirts.
It's called "The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers".
You should definitely travel more. It's a great way to learn about other cultures.
I love the energy of the kids. They're so excited to learn and explore the world.
I love hiking in the mountains. I love the views and the fresh air.
I'm going to go to the movies with my friends.
I work part time as a barista at a coffee shop.
Oh, that's cool. I'm a big fan of dogs. I have two myself.
I love to play basketball. I also love to spend time with my family.
I'm sure you'll figure it out. You're a strong person.
I like to read science fiction and fantasy novels.
It's definitely a challenge, but it's worth it in my opinion.
I like to play video games and board games.
I like to play video games, watch TV, and go out with friends.
That sounds beautiful. I would love to see some of your photos sometime.
It sounds like something I'd really enjoy. I'll add it to my reading list.
I'm not sure yet. I'm just going to take some time to relax and figure it out.
My favorite historical fiction novel is The Three Musketeers.
Well, I'm glad I met you. You're an inspiration.
An opera is a play that is sung. It's usually set to music and has a lot of singing and dancing.
I love the feeling of being strong and the challenge of lifting heavy weights.
Oh, that's cool. I've always been interested in biology, but I never got around to taking any classes in it.
We have a lot of animals on our farm. We have cows, pigs, chickens, and ducks.
I like science fiction and fantasy novels.
I'm not sure yet. I'm just enjoying my life right now.
I'm sure it does. I'm glad you're so involved in your community.
That's a great reason. I'm sure you'll be a great lawyer.
I like to play video games, work out, and spend time with my dogs.
Yeah, I think it's a great color for clothes.
I'm not very good at them either, but I still have fun too.
I love to ski in the winter and hike in the summer.
I agree. It's a good way to learn new things and challenge yourself.
I'm currently in school to become a veterinarian.
I can understand that. I'm glad you're going to a more liberal school in college.
I think my favorite is And Then There Were None.
I like to read a lot of different types of books, but I really like historical fiction and fantasy.
The hardest part is balancing my work and family life.
I like to read a lot of different things, but I'm really into science fiction and fantasy right now.
I love The Beatles, The Rolling Stones, and Queen.
That's really cool. I'm sure you're great at your job.
I really like the Wheel of Time series by Robert Jordan.
I'm in college studying computer science.
I like to go on hikes, play basketball, and watch movies.
I love all kinds of video games, but my favorite genre is definitely horror.
I love football. I'm a huge fan of the New York Giants.
Me too. I think it's important to stay informed about what's going on in the world.
I work at a candy store. It's a lot of fun, but it can be really busy sometimes.
I love the feeling of being in the water and the exercise. It's also a great way to relax.
I have a little fishing boat. It's perfect for getting out on the water and catching some fish.
I want to play professional soccer. I also want to start my own soccer academy.
Their names are Buddy, Bailey, and Charlie.
I like to play piano, and I love to read.
I agree. I think it's important to respect other people's choices, even if we don't agree with them.
It's not. But I know that I'm making a difference, and that's what keeps me going.
It's definitely not for everyone, but it's really rewarding.
I agree. The US is a great place to live.
I know, it's so rewarding. I love the taste of fresh vegetables and herbs.
I'm not sure if I'm good at anything, but I'm sure I'm good at something.
My favorite hockey memory is when the Bruins won the Stanley Cup in 2011.
I like the Harry Potter series, the Lord of the Rings series, and the Ender's Game series.
It's just not very fulfilling. I'd rather do something more creative.
I can't do that. I have to get up early for work.
Not as often as I would like to, but I try to go a few times a week.
Oh, that sounds nice. I've never been to Paris.
I love to make cakes. I'm always trying new recipes.
I love the way you can capture a moment in time and freeze it forever. It's like a little piece of history.
Yeah, I've seen a few. I'll have to give it a try sometime.
I like to play ice hockey and math is my favorite subject.
Thank you. It's a lot of work, but it's worth it.
I like to read all kinds of books, but I especially love books about history and education.
Yeah, it's one of the things I love about the book.
I love the challenge of solving problems and building new things.
Me neither. I'm so glad I live in this time.
It can be. It's not always the easiest job, but it's a good one.
That sounds really interesting. I'd love to read some of your work sometime.
I should use mine more. Maybe I'll start reading more on it.
Well, I'm glad you're enjoying Seattle. It's a great city.
I like those too. I'm a big fan of crime thrillers.
It's absolutely beautiful. You should definitely go sometime.
Oh, wow. That must be really interesting.
It's not bad, but it can be a lot of work.
I'm so glad we agree on Battlestar Galactica. It's such a good show.
I don't have a favorite band, but I love all kinds of music.
I'm a middle school teacher. I love working with kids.
I like to listen to a lot of different kinds of music, but my favorite band is Muse.
I like to paint landscapes, especially of the desert.
You should give it a try. You might surprise yourself.
I like action movies and comedies. I don't really like drama movies.
I like to go hiking, biking, and swimming. I also like to read and watch movies.
They're a lot of work, but they're also a lot of fun.
I like to play first-person shooters and RPGs.
I will. I've been looking for something new to watch.
I like to cook all kinds of food, but my favorite thing to make is pasta.
I'm not sure yet. I might go out with some friends.
I enjoy watching Game of Thrones, listening to pop music, and eating home cooked meals.
That's cool. I've always wanted to try rollerblading.
I like to shop on Amazon too. I have found some great deals on there.
I'm not sure either. We could watch a movie, play a game, or just talk.
It's not easy, but I make it work. I have a lot of help from my family and friends.
Yeah, I have a website where I post my art.
I love movies, too. I'm always looking for new movies to watch.
Yeah, it is. But it's worth it for the views.
I grow a lot of vegetables, like tomatoes, cucumbers, and peppers.
We're actually playing at a local bar next weekend.
I'm originally from North Dakota. I moved to California when I was 18.
I'm sure I could handle it. I'm pretty good with tools.
I'm not sure yet. I'm just going to keep working on my business, and I'm going to keep playing music.
I've heard good things about that series, I've been meaning to check it out.
I'm reading "The Great Gatsby" by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
I work in an office job. I'm a customer service representative.
I think you're right. I'm going to do some research and see if I can make the switch.
You're right. I'll start writing a novel next week.
I have a few favorites, but one of my all-time favorites is "The Book Thief" by Markus Zusak.
I like to listen to country music when I'm baking.
That's a good point. I like that about him too.
I like to take her for walks, play fetch with her, and cuddle with her.
Sure, I love Jane Austen, Emily Brontë, and Charles Dickens.
You're welcome. It was fun talking to you too.
Cool. I'm a big fan of the Buffalo Bills.
Oh, that sounds fun. I might go to the movies too.
I like to go for walks, hike, and explore.
Serve the spaghetti immediately, topped with Parmesan cheese.
I like to do all kinds of dancing, but my favorite is probably hip hop.
Well, it's been nice talking to you, [name].
I was thinking about seeing "The Batman".
I've published some of my blog posts, but not any of my fiction.
I'm a bit short, but I've won tap dance competitions.
You can find a lot of good information online.
That's a great age. They're so cute at that age.
Me too. I think it will be a lot more fun and I'll be able to meet more people with similar interests.
