I'm sure you'll be okay. Just take it one day at a time.
I like to play sports, read, and hang out with friends.
Je crois que c'est cool que tu étudies la littérature.
I'm not sure if I would call myself a lumberjack, but I do love working with trees.
It is, but it's also a lot of fun. I love working with kids.
I'm glad you like "The Lord of the Rings" series. It's one of my favorites.
Those sound like fun things to do. I like to ride my bike too.
I loved the freestyle. It was so much fun to just swim as fast as I could.
I love to bake. I'm not very good at it, but I enjoy it.
I've never read Pride and Prejudice. I'll have to check it out.
I love to play ice hockey. I'm on the high school team.
I agree. I've been to a few different countries, but I'm always looking for new places to visit.
Well, I love to sew. I also like to read and hang out with my cat.
Oh, that's very interesting. I'm sure it's a very rewarding job.
I agree. It's the only way to learn about each other.
I've never really been into RPGs, but I've heard good things about them.
I agree. I love learning new things and trying new things.
I have a lot of favorite books, but I think my favorite is "The Great Gatsby."
That sounds interesting. I've never read a book about gardening before.
I like to go kayaking at the lake on weekends. It's a great way to relax and enjoy the outdoors.
I've heard good things about that series. I'll have to check it out.
My favorite movie is probably The Shawshank Redemption.
Me too. It's one of those books that stays with you long after you've finished it.
Yeah, it's so well-written and the characters are so well-developed.
But overall, I'm really happy to be in the military. It's a great opportunity to serve my country and make a difference in the world.
I don't like the pressure to make a sale every time I meet with someone.
I like to watch movies, go for walks, and read books.
I love being able to express myself through my work.
I like to go to the beach, read, crochet, and play with my kids.
I'm going to go out with my friends and have some drinks.
I love to walk my dogs. I have two dogs, a golden retriever and a beagle.
We like to go for walks, play fetch, and just cuddle up on the couch.
Yeah, it is. It's nice to meet someone from around here.
Oh, nice. I like all kinds of music too, but I especially like rock music, pop music, and jazz music.
I love to read and cook. I also like to go to the beach.
I'm not sure if I have a favorite food, but I really like pizza.
That's good to hear. I'm colorblind, so I have to rely on technology a lot.
That sounds delicious. I love chicken parmesan too.
I like to read, garden, and spend time with my eight grandchildren.
I'm a college student, but I also work part-time as a dance instructor.
I've heard good things about that series. I've been meaning to check it out.
Oh, that's not too far away. I love Toronto. It's a great city.
That's cool. I used to go fishing a lot when I was younger.
I like to go to the park, play video games, and watch movies.
I have a mountain bike. I love riding it on trails and in the woods.
I love The Beatles, The Rolling Stones, and The Who.
I love The Conjuring. It's so creepy and atmospheric.
It's a great job. I love working with kids and helping them learn.
I can imagine. It sounds like you have a lot of hobbies.
I like to spend time with my family and friends. I also like to read and play video games.
I like to take pictures of people, places, and things. I also like to take pictures of food.
I like to go to concerts and festivals. I also like to play video games.
I mostly paint, but I also do some drawing and sculpting.
My favorite book is The Lord of the Rings. I've read it so many times I can recite it from memory.
So, the goal of the game is to cure four diseases before they spread too far and kill everyone.
I also like The Office, Parks and Recreation, and Arrested Development.
It is. I'm proud to serve my country and protect our freedom.
I like the competition and the fact that it's a social activity. I also like the challenge of trying to get a perfect score.
I've been growing a lot of vegetables, like tomatoes, cucumbers, and peppers. I'm also growing some flowers, like roses and sunflowers.
I'm reading The Stormlight Archive by Brandon Sanderson.
I like a lot of movies, but my favorite is probably The Shawshank Redemption.
I have a lot of favorite books, but some of my favorites include The Book Thief, The Lord of the Rings, and The Hunger Games.
I'm looking forward to spending time with my family and friends. I'm also looking forward to writing more books.
We like to go to the park, play games, and watch movies.
Oh, I've heard good things about that game. I've been meaning to check it out.
I like to watch movies, play video games, and go for walks.
I like to take walks, go for bike rides, and play with my dogs.
I love all kinds of books, but I really like historical fiction and fantasy novels.
I like to ride my bike, draw, and spend time with my family.
I like the way she creates such a suspenseful atmosphere.
That sounds really interesting. I'd love to learn more about it.
I'm looking forward to getting my first paycheck from McDonald's.
It is. I love meeting new people and learning about their cultures.
I'm going to go to the lake a lot and I'm also going to read a lot.
Oh, that sounds cool. I'd love to see some of your paintings sometime.
My favorite dish to cook is chicken parmesan. It's so easy and it's always a hit with my family.
Oh, that's cool. I've always wanted to learn how to paint.
It's not too bad, but it's definitely not my dream job.
We sell a variety of women's clothing, from casual wear to formal wear.
I used to be a pilot, but now I live in New Mexico and work at a local animal shelter.
You're probably better than you think. And if you're not, we can play together and I can help you get better.
That sounds great. I like being able to set my own hours.
Yeah, I've heard that. I'm just not sure how I would find vegan food everywhere I go.
I like to play all kinds of video games, but my favorite is probably The Legend of Zelda.
That makes sense. I think it's important to have some time to yourself each day, even if you're an extrovert.
My favorite video game is The Last of Us. It's a really good story-driven game.
I love being outside and working with my hands. I also love seeing the plants grow and produce food.
I like to read all kinds of books, but I'm especially into historical fiction and romance novels.
I like to read all sorts of books, but I'm especially interested in history and science.
I like to ride my bike, I also like to listen to jazz music.
I've heard good things about that game. I'll have to check it out.
Bread is definitely one of my favorite things to eat. I love the smell of it baking in the oven.
I'm a software engineer at Google. I started as an intern and just got hired on full-time.
It's a lot of fun. You get to be outside and you get to see some amazing animals.
It's about a mermaid who falls in love with a human.
It's hard to say, but I think I'd have to go with Dune by Frank Herbert.
I can imagine. It must be great to be surrounded by people who have your back.
I understand. I have a whole room in my house dedicated to my dolls.
I love to explore the city. There's so much to see and do.
I like to build furniture, and I'm also a big fan of bowling.
I think so. I'm not sure what else I would do with all my free time.
That's cool. I've never thought about collecting whiskey glasses before.
I love anything by John Grisham or James Patterson.
I'll check them out. I'm always looking for new books to read.
Sounds like fun. I'm not really a club person myself. I prefer to stay in and watch a movie or read a book.
I like to read a lot of different kinds of books, but I especially like historical fiction and science fiction.
I love to read anything, but I really enjoy historical fiction and romance novels.
It's so versatile too. You can put it in so many different sauces.
It's not easy, but I make it work. I usually work one job during the day and the other two jobs at night.
It's a lot of fun. You should definitely try to finish it.
I love the Die Hard movies, The Terminator, and John Wick.
I love Agatha Christie, John Grisham, and Michael Connelly.
I like the history and the art of it. I also like the challenge of finding rare stamps.
I like to read a lot of different things, but I especially like poetry and novels.
I like to ski, go snowboarding, and play video games.
That sounds amazing. I'm not very creative, so I'm always impressed by people who can write.
I like to hike in the mountains. I love the views and the fresh air.
Oh, I've never read any books about serial killers.
You could start by writing a short story or a poem. That will help you get used to the process of writing and storytelling.
I'm sure I could learn it. I'm pretty good at learning new things.
I like to shop, go to the movies, and hang out with my friends.
I like to sing in the school chorus, and I have a brown belt in karate.
That sounds like a great way to spend the weekend. I'm going to go fishing with my friends.
I like to watch a lot of different things, but I'm really into sci-fi shows right now.
I like to read all sorts of things, but I mostly read nonfiction.
Oh, that's cool. I've always wanted to learn to play.
I am not sure yet. I might go skiing or snowboarding.
I'm glad to hear you enjoy playing soccer. I've always wanted to learn how to play.
Yeah, it is. I love seeing how they change and grow as they learn to dance.
Yeah, it's the best feeling when you find something you love for a fraction of the price.
I'm originally from Mexico, but I moved to America when I was 14.
I am looking for a friend who is kind, compassionate, and understanding.
She really is. I've read all of her books at least twice.
My favorite book is "The Great Gatsby" by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
That's awesome. I'm sure you make a big difference in your community.
My mutt's name is Max, and my dachshund's name is Daisy.
I've never seen it, but I've heard good things about it.
That's cool. I like to go bicycling, I hate carrots, and I have brown hair.
I love the Zelda games because they're so rewarding.
My favorite dish to make is moussaka. It's a traditional Greek dish made with eggplant, potatoes, ground beef, and a béchamel sauce.
I like all kinds of music, but I mostly listen to hip-hop and R&B.
It's a festival where people dress up in medieval costumes and act out medieval games and activities.
I've heard good things about Japan. I've always wanted to go to Tokyo.
Yeah, it can be a lot of work, but it's also a lot of fun.
I love mysteries too. I'm always trying to figure out who did it.
I collect stamps and love the colors yellow and teal.
I'll have to check that out. I'm not really familiar with it.
I like to read all kinds of books, but I'm especially fond of fiction.
Those sound like fun things to do. I love reading books and watching movies too.
I like to sew, I like to be alone, and I have a cat.
I'm glad to hear that. I'm looking forward to seeing it for myself.
Me too. I love seeing the actors bring the characters to life.
I like to read a lot of different things, but my favorite genre is probably fantasy.
I love pepsi. Chocolate chip cookies are the tastier things in my opinion.
That's a great feeling. It's so satisfying to know that you've helped someone learn something new.
I like to read a lot of different things, but I'm especially into historical fiction.
I like to read true crime books. I find them really interesting.
I like the challenge of it. It's a great way to get in shape and it's also a lot of fun.
I like to work puzzles, listen to country music, and watch movies.
I enjoy being in nature too. I love taking walks and exploring new places.
