Not as often as I used to, but we try to go once or twice a year.
I've heard good things about that game too. I've never played it though.
It's a lot of work, but it's also very rewarding. I get to help people and make a difference in their lives.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I love to hike in the summer and ski in the winter.
I love swimming in the ocean too! It's so much fun to play in the waves.
That's awesome! I love dancing too! I used to take dance classes when I was younger.
Oh, me too! I love the old country music from the '70s and '80s.
I love the characters and the story. It's just so well-written.
Thanks! I'm not really bothered by it, but it can be a little annoying sometimes.
I like to read all kinds of books, but I'm especially interested in history and science.
That's really cool. I have a lot of hobbies too. I like to go hiking and I like to play video games.
I like to play action and adventure games. I also like to play strategy games.
Me too! It's always nice to find someone who appreciates classical music.
That sounds like a great plan! I'm sure you'll have a lot of fun.
Those are both beautiful genres of art. I love seeing the different ways that artists capture the beauty of the world.
It is! I love working with them. They're very friendly and they always make me laugh.
I have, but not very often. I'm not really sure where to sell them.
I like to go on my boat and fish. I live in Cape Hatteras, so I have a lot of opportunities to do that.
They are! They're learning about responsibility, hard work, and how to care for animals.
You can always learn! There are a lot of great resources available online.
You should! You can always work as a teacher and have a trust fund too.
That sounds like a lot of fun! I'm glad you're enjoying your time here.
It is. I also love that it's so much cheaper than a traditional house.
Those are great characters! I also like Black Widow and Scarlet Witch.
I like to go out to eat too, but I'm not much of a museum person. I've never been on a wine tour.
I also like to read, and I love to spend time with my friends and family.
It's hard to choose just one favorite country, but I think I would say Italy. I loved the food, the people, and the history.
That's all that matters! It's not about winning, it's about having fun.
That makes sense. I like to read about the lives of people who have accomplished great things.
I like all kinds of movies, but I'm really into action movies.
Me too. I'm actually a really big fan of John Gresham's books.
It is! I'm very lucky to have a great family and a lot of hobbies that I enjoy.
I'm doing great! I'm just about to head out to the park with my dog.
Yeah, it's really interesting to learn about different legal cases and how the law works.
That's a tough question! I have a lot of favorites, but I think I'd have to say The Lord of the Rings trilogy.
I really enjoyed The Fault in Our Stars by John Green. I also loved All the Bright Places by Jennifer Niven.
It's a lot of fun! I get to work with a lot of different people and help them grow their businesses.
You could always start with a small garden. Even a few pots on your balcony or patio can be a lot of fun.
I love going to art museums too! I haven't been to one in a while, though.
Those are both interesting subjects! I've never read a book about philosophy, though.
My favorite action-adventure game is The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild.
It is! I think it's important to find someone who you can connect with on a personal level.
I like to dance, volunteer at animal shelters, and play outside.
Thank you. I think you're a very interesting person too. You're very open-minded and I like that.
I'm studying to be a teacher. I'm excited to start my career after graduation.
I'd love to open a bakery. I love to bake, and I think it would be really fun to own my own business.
Once the butter is melted, add the onion and cook for 5 minutes, or until softened.
Those are all great books! I love Ender's Game and The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.
It's a lot of fun! I get to meet a lot of people and I get to help people out.
Those are all great things about the series. I'm glad you like it.
I like to play music, read books, and hang out with friends.
Oh, I've heard good things about that book. I'll have to check it out.
I love the characters, the story, and the action. It's so well-done.
That sounds amazing! I'm from the Midwest, so we get a lot of snow and cold weather.
Me too! I love the energy of swing and the soulfulness of blues.
I like to program games. I'm not very good at it, but it's fun.
I like to make dresses, skirts, and tops. I'm also really good at sewing.
Yeah, it's pretty great. I get to help people find clothes that they love.
Me too! I love the feeling of being outside and pushing myself.
It is! It's really rewarding to help out people who need it.
I like to play basketball, watch basketball, and spend time with my family.
I don't see why not. I think robots are fascinating, and I think they have a lot of potential to make the world a better place.
We could go for a walk in the park. It's a beautiful day outside.
They're really fun! I'm always looking for new games to play.
That's great. I'm a pharmacist, and I also love helping people.
I love reading historical fiction and fantasy novels. I also like reading non-fiction books about science and history.
I think it's been great! I've really enjoyed talking to you.
You should definitely come to Colorado! We have some of the best skiing in the country.
I agree. It's one of the most popular shows in the world for a reason.
It's not too hard. You just need to be patient and willing to learn.
It's a lot of fun! It's a great way to get some exercise and enjoy the beach.
I think it's great! It's a faithful remake of the original game, but with some updated graphics and gameplay.
That's awesome! I love cooking, but I'm not very good at it.
Oh, that sounds fun! I've always wanted to be an art teacher.
I can imagine. It must be so rewarding to see them go to a good home.
That sounds like fun! I'm going to hang out with my friends this weekend.
I agree! They're definitely one of the top teams in the league.
I love to read a variety of books, but I'm especially drawn to historical fiction and fantasy.
You should go! I love shopping. I could spend hours in a mall.
That's cool! I'm a vegan. I don't eat any meat, dairy, or eggs.
I like to read anything that I can get my hands on. I especially like science fiction and fantasy novels.
Well, if you ever decide to give it a try, I'm sure you'd be great at it.
I don't know, man. There's just too much evidence to suggest otherwise.
Oh, me too! I love to read. I'm currently reading a book about the history of nursing.
I agree, comedies are great for making me laugh and thinking about things in a new way.
Sausage and mushroom pizza is great! I also like olives on my pizza.
That sounds really nice. I love reading, but I don't get to do it as often as I'd like.
Oh, that sounds really cool! I like to write short stories, play the piano, and hang out with my friends too.
I love to have my nails done, read books, and spend time with my son.
Yoga sounds like a great way to stay in shape. And seashells are beautiful! I love looking at them on the beach.
Me too! I think traveling is one of the best ways to learn about the world.
You too. Maybe we can hang out sometime and cook breakfast together.
I love the Outlander series by Diana Gabaldon. I also love the Pillars of the Earth series by Ken Follett.
Exactly! Hiking is a great way to get in shape and explore the outdoors.
It's a pretty interesting field. I get to learn about the earth and how it works.
I like to go out to eat, go to the movies, and hang out with my friends.
You should come over to my place sometime and I'll teach you some of my favorite recipes.
I love to go to bars with my friends and drink. I also like to watch movies and play video games.
That's a great place to visit! I've been there a few times and it's beautiful.
I like to go shopping, go to the movies, and play video games.
I guess so, but I just wish I could go back and change some things.
I am passionate about a lot of things and I just want my voice to be heard. I am an old soul and my back hurts chronically.
I used to play soccer in high school, but I'm not really into sports anymore.
It is! I get to read all sorts of different things, and I get to help make sure that the cards are error-free.
I love to film! I have a camera that I love to take everywhere with me. I love to capture moments and tell stories.
That's awesome! I've always wanted to play hockey, but I never had the chance.
It is! I'm a pretty easy-going person. I like to do most things.
I like to watch baseball, read, and spend time with my family.
I love going to Europe. I've been to Italy, France, and Spain.
I've read a few books by John Grisham, but I've never read anything by James Patterson.
I love to garden. I have a small garden outside of my house, and I grow all sorts of fresh vegetables.
I've always loved gambling, and I think it would be a lot of fun to work in the industry.
I love all of the Ghibli films, but my favorite is probably Princess Mononoke.
I like hiking and biking too. I've never been camping before, but I've always wanted to try it.
I love the serve. It's so satisfying when you hit a good one.
Those are all great bands! I'm a big fan of The Beatles and The Rolling Stones.
That's great! I am looking for a job that is flexible with my family.
It is! They keep me busy, but they're also the best thing that's ever happened to me.
I know what you mean. I also love to play football, but I don't have much time for it anymore.
That's a good idea. I'll start with a short hike and see how I feel.
I really enjoyed The Pillars of the Earth by Ken Follett and The Name of the Rose by Umberto Eco.
I like to rock climb, go for hikes, and spend time with my dog.
Those are all great artists! I'm glad we have similar taste in music.
I've heard good things about that book. I've been meaning to check it out.
That's a great topic! I'm sure you'll do a great job on your paper.
Those would be cool projects. I've always wanted to build a treehouse, but I've never had the time.
Those are great! I love how they can help you even out your skin tone.
I'm a salesman, but I'm not sure how much longer I want to do it.
Either one of those would be a good choice. I'm sure you'll do great.
I'm not sure I have a favorite, but I really like the Legend of Zelda series.
That's awesome! I'm a grill cook who is looking for a second job. My dream is to own my own restaurant.
That's a good one! I like the Dark Knight Returns a lot too.
It's a lot of fun! I get to meet all sorts of interesting people and learn about different cultures. I also get to see a lot of the country.
Thanks. I've been a bartender for a while, so I've had to deal with a lot of different situations.
I like to play all kinds of video games, but my favorite is probably "The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time."
That sounds like an amazing experience! I'm glad you were able to make a difference in her life.
That's awesome! I'm sure I would be terrible at it, but I'd like to try it anyway.
You should come visit sometime! We have some beautiful scenery here.
I like to read all sorts of things, but I especially like historical fiction and mystery novels.
I agree! It would be a great way to make a difference in the world.
Oh that's great! I can't sew at all. I'm always so impressed by people who can do it.
Oh, cool! It's nice to meet someone who likes the same books I do.
I think my least favorite thing is the long hours. Sometimes we have to work really long hours, and it can be hard to get enough sleep.
I'm going to see a movie with my boyfriend this weekend. We're going to see the new Spider-Man movie.
Those are all great bands! I'm also a big fan of Pink Floyd and The Who.
Sure, the most important thing is to be friendly and helpful. Customers appreciate it when you go out of your way to help them.
Yeah, it does. Zebras are also very protective of their young.
Cool. I like to go to the beach, party, and work part time at a pizza restaurant.
I've never played with Barbies before, but I've always loved strawberries. I'm glad you're vegan, I'm trying to be more vegan myself.
I like a lot of different kinds of music, but my favorite is probably rap.
I like to read, listen to music, and spend time with my family and friends.
You should come visit Boston sometime! We have some great trails.
I can imagine. I love reading to my kids and playing games with them.
It's a photography project. I'm taking pictures of the city at night.
Me too! It's so much fun to explore the world and do quests.
I like a lot of bands, but some of my favorites are The Beatles, The Rolling Stones, and The Who.
I can imagine! I've never tried salsa dancing before, but it sounds like a lot of fun.
Oh, I love mystery novels too! I just finished reading one called The Girl on the Train.
Minecraft is a great game! I've played it a few times, but I'm not very good at it.
I'm in nursing school. I'm hoping to become a nurse practitioner one day.
