That's nice. I like to cook for my family too.
Me too. I love my job. It's so much fun working on cars.
I just love the animation and the stories. They're so creative and imaginative.
That works for me. I'll bring the pasta sauce.
I'm sure you'd be great at it. You seem like a very caring person.
That's cool. I'm just working on a project for my new job.
Those are all cool hobbies. I like to kayak too.
I don't think I've ever tried that before.
I'm glad we met. We seem to have a lot in common.
It's nice to meet someone with similar interests.
I love to cook ethnic foods, draw, and read.
I like to play all kinds of music, but I mostly play rock and blues.
I spend a lot of time with my family. We go on walks, play games, and just hang out.
That sounds amazing. I've never been in a classic car before.
I love to bake cakes. They're so fun to decorate.
I'm glad you're so passionate about your job.
Those are all great things to do. I'm sure they're all very happy girls.
I love how they can transport you to another world. I can be anyone I want to be when I'm reading a book.
You should check them out. They're a really good band.
That's okay, everyone has their own strengths.
Oh, I like reading and listening to music too.
Yeah, I know what you mean. I can never make enough lasagna.
My favorite thing is getting to see all the different types of greeting cards we produce.
I used to play a lot of D&D, but I haven't played in a while.
He's a really fascinating person. He was a great leader and a great writer.
Not much, just working on a new video game design.
That sounds like a great way to spend your time.
That's cool. I've always liked landscapes.
That's awesome. I've always wanted to run a marathon, but I'm not sure if I'm in shape enough.
I think it's a lot of fun, but it can also be a lot of work.
I'm looking for someone who is kind, funny, and supportive.
I've never been skiing before, but it sounds like a lot of fun.
I love to go for walks in the fields and pick beets.
I love being outside and working with plants. I also love being able to grow my own food.
I'm a software engineer. I write code for websites and applications.
I'm a student at the University of Michigan.
I'm so glad you like them too. They're amazing.
I love making Greek food because my mom is from Greece.
I think I would like that. Maybe I'll go on an adventure with you sometime.
And I loved the twist ending of The Girl on the Train.
I like to play video games and watch football.
It sounds like you've had a lot of great experiences.
Don't worry, it's not that hard. We can practice together if you want.
That's great. We should go hiking together sometime.
That's interesting. I'll have to look them up online.
I'm a construction worker, so I need a truck that can handle a lot of work.
Yes, I do. I've been practicing it for about a year now.
Nice, I like hip-hop too. I've been taking classes for a few years now.
I love the Harry Potter series, the Lord of the Rings series, and the Hunger Games series.
That's good to hear. I like working at McDonald's.
It's nice, but it's a lot more space than I need.
I like to watch obscure foreign films on Netflix.
It's a good job. It's hard work, but it's rewarding.
I like to read a lot of different things, but I really enjoy historical fiction and thrillers.
It is. I love seeing the progress that dogs make.
I like Kanye West, Kendrick Lamar, and Drake.
I like the Warriors too. They're a really good team.
I love his pitching style. He's a very talented pitcher.
Oh, that's interesting. I've never met a family law attorney before.
It's not that bad. I get to see a lot of the country.
I like to read, play video games, and swim.
I love his music. It's so catchy and upbeat.
I like to paint, travel, and attend wine tours.
I like to crochet scarves, hats, and blankets. I also like to make toys for my kids.
I like to watch movies, read books, and play video games.
It sounds like something I would really enjoy.
I have a lot of favorite historical fiction books, but one of my favorites is The Pillars of the Earth.
I've never been to a local taco shop, but I've heard they're really good. I'll have to try one sometime.
I'm not sure yet. I'm thinking about taking some classes, or maybe volunteering.
That's cool. I've always thought about learning to code.
That's true. I've seen a few movies based on books, and they're usually really good.
I have a lot of favorite movies, but I think my favorite is The Big Lebowski.
I'm majoring in education and minoring in music.
Those are great genres. I love reading historical fiction too.
I'm not sure yet. I might go to the movies or hang out with my friends.
We eat some of them fresh, and we can the rest.
I like to spend time with my family and friends, go hiking, read, and play piano.
I can see why you would like it. It's a great way to stay in shape and to meet new people.
I've always loved horses and betting on them is a lot of fun.
Cool, maybe we can trade book recommendations sometime.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can get the surgery you want and be happy with yourself.
Me too. I love the views from the top of the mountain.
I like all kinds of music, but I mostly listen to pop and rock.
I like the challenge of creating maps that are accurate and visually appealing.
I know, I know. I've been meaning to do more traveling.
It wasn't that bad, but it does take a while to heal.
I like the Marvel and DC universes. I'm also a fan of some independent comics, like Saga and Locke & Key.
I like to dance to all kinds of music, but I especially like to dance to hip hop and R&B.
Oh, I've heard good things about that book.
I've never been to an opera before, but I've heard good things.
I think it's also a good way to relax. I love being in the water.
But it's a good job. I love helping people.
I'm looking into the effects of hot dogs on the brain.
I like to read all kinds of books, but I'm especially a fan of fantasy and sci-fi.
I love going to the beach. I also love going to the mountains.
Oh, that's a good one. I like that song too.
I enjoy walking for exercise, and I recently got a cat.
Me too. It's a lot of work, but it's so delicious.
I also like to go running, hiking, and biking. I like to stay active.
I'm glad you've enjoyed your travels. I'm sure I'll have a great time if I ever go to Asia.
I like to read, write, and play the piano.
I like to watch a lot of different movies, but I really like the Star Wars movies.
I like to travel, read, and go to the beach.
I have so many favorites, but I think my favorite is The Shawshank Redemption.
I love to listen to music, go to the lake, and knit and crochet.
I'm not very good at Mario Kart, but I still enjoy playing it too.
I'm a student, but I'm also a volunteer at an animal shelter.
I've always been interested in the law and I think it's a great way to help people.
I like to read, play video games, and go to the gym.
I'm actually going hunting right now. I love to go hunting.
You should definitely try it out sometime.
It was. He was a great fisherman, and he taught me everything I know.
I love to go to concerts, watch movies, and read books. I also like to play video games and go online.
We like to go to the park, play games, and read books together.
I like to shop for clothes, shoes, and accessories.
I'm not sure yet, but I'm probably going to go out with my friends.
I like to read, go for walks, and spend time with my family.
I like to listen to music, read books, and spend time with my family and friends.
I like to read a variety of books, but I usually read nonfiction books about law.
I understand. It's okay to grieve. It's okay to be sad. But don't forget that you're strong. You've got this.
That's a great answer. I'm sure you'll be successful in your career.
I'm a soccer player. I got a scholarship to play soccer in college.
Oh, that's cool. I've been to all of those places too.
I like to rock climb, go hiking, and play video games. I also love to travel.
I try to be. I like to keep my body and mind healthy.
It is. I've been to some amazing places because of my job.
I like all kinds of music, but I especially like rock music, pop music, and country music.
I've been at my job for seven years. I'm a vegan, so I work at a vegan restaurant.
I like to watch a lot of different things, but I'm really into sci-fi and fantasy shows.
I know what you mean. I wish I had more time to do all the things I like to do.
I like helping people find their dream homes.
I'm a yoga instructor, and I enjoy spending time alone.
It's a lot of fun. I love working with kids.
You should check them out. They're really good.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I love to read too. My favorite author is Neil deGrasse Tyson.
I like to go shopping and I love to read.
I like to fish in the local ponds and rivers. I also like to go to the beach and fish.
I'm a paper salesman, and I live on a beet farm.
It is. I get to work with a lot of creative people.
My name is Mike. I'm from the Midwest and I'm a chef.
I'm not sure yet, but I think it would be fun to build a treehouse or a shed.
My favorite action movie is probably The Matrix.
Oh, I've heard good things about that movie.
You don't have to be smart to be a doctor. You just have to be willing to work hard and learn.
I love to go camping, hiking, and kayaking. I also like to read and write.
That sounds like fun. I like to read, go for walks, and play video games.
It's such a powerful movie. I always cry at the end.
I also love to go to the movies. I'm a huge fan of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
I'll have to look into it, I love having fresh fruits and vegetables at home.
I'm not very good at math, so I guess accounting is out of the question for me.
That's understandable. It can be hard to find the time to do everything you want to do.
I'm a graduate student studying to be a doctor.
I love the atmosphere. It's so creepy and eerie.
I like to play guitar. I've been playing for about 10 years now.
I'm working hard at my internship and I'm saving up money.
I like to play puzzle games, simulation games, and story-based games.
I like to read anything, but I especially like science fiction and fantasy.
I've been doing it for about 5 years now.
I like to do cardio, like running and biking. I also like to lift weights.
Yeah, it's really fun. I like to make clothes for myself and my cat.
