I like to bowl. I've bowled a 300 game twice in my life.
Yeah, I do. I get to work on a lot of interesting projects.
I've never caught a trout before, but I've heard they're delicious.
It's a lot of fun, and it's a great way to save money.
I love to bake chocolate chip cookies and banana bread.
I love going to the park. There's a beautiful lake near my house and I love to go kayaking there.
I think my favorite book is the Prisoner of Azkaban.
I like to upcycle my thrift shop finds and make new items.
I agree. It's important to be able to relax and recharge.
I think that's a pretty bold statement. I've never been to Canada, so I don't have much to say about it.
That's okay, everyone has to start somewhere.
I'll have to add it to my list of places to visit.
Thanks for the tip. I'll keep that in mind.
I also like The Rolling Stones, The Doors, and Led Zeppelin.
That sounds nice. I've never been to the beach.
That's true. You can't make cupcakes if you don't have money.
Oh, that's cool. I like to read and watch movies too.
You two are going to have a beautiful wedding.
I love to read to him, play games with him, and go to the park with him.
Yeah, they are. I love to use them in cooking.
I love making cakes. There's just something so satisfying about seeing the finished product.
I agree. She's definitely one of my favorite characters.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I like hiking and camping too.
That's interesting. My favorite band is Metallica.
I like to work on robotics projects. I also like to spend time with my family and friends.
That sounds delicious. I love baking too. I always get really into it and forget about the time.
Oh, I've heard good things about that book. I've been meaning to read it.
I bet. I have a lot of energy, but I don't know if I could keep up with kids all day long.
I have a dog named Buddy. He's a Golden Retriever.
They're pretty rare, but they're out there.
Yeah, it is. I like working in a library.
I'm mostly just hanging out with my friends and playing video games.
Exactly, it's like you know what to expect and you're always happy with it.
Well, let me know if you decide to go. I might want to go with you.
I'm glad you think so. It's definitely a great job.
I love the competition and the thrill of the game.
Oh, that's cool. I've never been a waitress.
I like to sing, play tennis, and spend time with my family and friends.
Me too. I'm sure we'll have a lot of fun talking.
I like to watch sports, go out to eat, and travel.
My hobbies are knitting, reading, and watching movies.
It's hard to say, but I think my favorite book is "The Girl on the Train" by Paula Hawkins.
Yeah, I played for a few years when I was younger.
I usually go to Grand Haven, Michigan. It's a beautiful town with a lot to offer.
That sounds like it would be a lot of fun.
I don't have a favorite movie, but I really like the Lord of the Rings movies.
I don't really have a favorite color. I like all colors.
I'm not sure yet. I'm thinking about going into hospitality management or event planning.
I know what you mean. It's always good to watch when you're feeling down.
I didn't really choose it. I just needed a job, and it was the first one I found.
It's a good feeling to know that you're making people happy with your cooking.
I like helping to keep our water clean and safe.
I like the way they make me look. I feel more sophisticated and put-together when I wear them.
I like to go to Chipotle, Qdoba, and Moe's.
I like to read books by Stephen King, Dean Koontz, and John Grisham.
Me too, it's a great way to clear your head.
I like to play "Take Five" by Dave Brubeck.
I like to play video games, swim, and read.
I agree. It would be so cool to see what's out there.
I like coming up with new ideas and seeing them come to life.
I like the feeling of being outside and growing things.
I use a cane to help me get around, and my friends tell me what to do while I'm driving.
But that's not your family's decision. It's yours.
Well, I'm going to head out to the park now.
I have a few, but I think my favorite is "Uptown Funk."
I like to hang out with friends, play video games, and watch movies.
That's wonderful. I'm glad you have something that you love to do.
It's delicious. Thank you for cooking for me.
I like to go to tailgate parties and go hunting.
Well, we should exchange numbers and make plans to hang out sometime.
I'm an environmental activist, I like to mountain bike, and I love to hike.
It's been a lot of fun, but it can also be challenging
I bet you do. I love trying new kinds of pastries.
I like the Ender's Game series by Orson Scott Card and the Dune series by Frank Herbert.
Yeah, I have two pit bulls. They're the best dogs ever.
My favorite historical fiction novel is The Pillars of the Earth.
I like to read, go out with friends, and watch movies.
I love the characters and the story. It's so tragic and beautiful.
Well, it sounds like you're living the dream.
That sounds amazing. I can imagine how that would feel.
I love to read fiction. I'm currently reading a book about a cat who travels around the world.
I'm not sure if I can. I have a lot of homework to do.
Thanks, man. We're having a pretty good season so far.
I'm a liberal and I work in marketing. I love working out and I'm an only child.
I'm sure it is. I'm a bit of a loner, so I usually prefer to stay home.
I like a lot of different music, but I'd have to say my favorite is pop music.
That's great. I'm a truck driver and I have a stickshift car.
I also like to watch movies and go to the movies.
I like to play basketball, listen to music, and spend time with my family.
I'm allergic to apples, but I still eat them.
I agree. They're always there for you when you need them.
I can't say I have a favorite episode, but I really enjoyed the Battle of Blackwater.
Yeah, I've been lucky to have traveled so much.
I'm an athlete. I race cars for a living.
I work from home doing various jobs on the internet.
I know, I just haven't had much experience.
I like books by Margaret Atwood, Toni Morrison, and Haruki Murakami.
It's a really fascinating subject. I'm studying it at UMass Amherst.
I like to go out to dinner, watch movies, and go to the park.
I love the creativity and the sense of accomplishment I get when I finish a quilt.
That's awesome. I love red hair. It's so unique.
I love all kinds of books, but my favorites are historical fiction, mystery, and romance.
I like The Martian by Andy Weir and Dune by Frank Herbert.
I'm glad you have a good family to support you.
I love all food, but I especially love pizza.
I have a lot of favorites, but I think my favorite is "The Girl on the Train" by Paula Hawkins.
Not much, just hanging out with my dogs and running. I'm also trying to get into reading more.
I used to work for a cable company, but I recently switched jobs. Now I'm a customer service representative.
Oh, that's cool. I like to surf, bake, and go to the gym.
I like to ride horses, collect vintage cars, and limit how much meat I eat for health reasons.
I like to read, cook, and spend time with my dogs.
Yeah, it's such a good book. It's so well-written and the characters are so relatable.
I think I'm starting to get the hang of it.
They really are. I love the story and the characters.
I've thought about it, but I'm not sure if I'm good enough.
Me too. I love Gavin Belson. He's so funny.
I like to go fishing, play guitar, and watch classic movies.
Me too. I'm just working on this legal brief.
I like to watch basketball, listen to classic rock, and eat vegetarian food.
But it sounds like you're doing a great job.
I haven't read that one yet, but I've heard good things about it.
I like to ride horses, go to the beach, and eat beef.
We're playing the Steelers next week, so I'm just focused on that game right now.
Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 15 minutes, or until the sauce has thickened.
Yeah, it is. I also like the diversity. There are people from all over the world living in a big city.
Oh, I've never read a romance novel before.
I'm not sure yet, I might go to the movies or I might just stay home and read.
They're a pop-punk band from California. They're really good.
Well, if you ever decide to go for it, I'm sure I can help you find a job.
We play a mix of country, folk, and rock.
I agree. It's definitely a beautiful art form.
Yeah, it is. It's one of my all-time favorites.
Oh, that's cool. I have a younger sister.
Me too. I like to play video games and watch movies.
That's good. I like meeting new people too, but I don't have a lot of time to do it because of my farm.
That sounds great. I wish you the best of luck.
It's a little bit of extra income, but it's mostly just for fun.
Oh, that's cool. I've always wanted to learn how to play the guitar.
I'm sure it will. It's a great way to relax and connect with your inner self.
It's not always easy, but it's rewarding.
Yeah, I've been a few times. It's so much fun.
I think my favorite country is Japan. It's such a beautiful country with a rich culture.
It's a beautiful city. You should definitely visit sometime.
It's not too hard. You can learn how to do simple patterns online.
It can be. It's a lot of work, but it's rewarding too.
Oh, that sounds fun. I've always wanted to learn how to swim.
It's not easy, but I love my jobs and I'm good at them.
I like to spend time with my family and friends. I also like to go hiking and camping.
That sounds nice. I like to play video games, watch movies, and go out with my friends.
I like to go out to concerts, go to the movies, and hang out with my friends.
I think it's a tie between Star Wars and The Lord of the Rings.
I like to play RPGs, action games, and puzzle games.
I like to travel, make short films, and participate in civil war reenactments.
I like to read a lot of nonfiction. I like to learn new things.
I'll have to try them sometime. I'm not really a big fan of fish, but I'm sure I'll like them.
I have so many favorites, but I think my favorite is The Pillars of the Earth.
I love seeing the kids learn and grow. It's so rewarding to see them make progress.
I'm just studying for my women's studies class.
I might do that. I've heard good things about PA.
It can be, but it's also a lot of pressure.
