I've heard great things about Swan Lake! I'll have to check it out sometime.
Oh, that's a great grade! I love fourth graders. They're so funny and smart.
I love action movies too! I'm not a big fan of comedies, though.
I've never caught a trout before. I'll have to try it sometime.
Me too. I think it's important to learn about our history so that we don't repeat the same mistakes.
Yes, it is! I love the characters and the way they interact with each other.
My favorite show is The Voice. I love watching all of the different singers compete and I always root for the underdog.
Me too! I'm from Pittsburgh, so I've been a fan since I was a kid.
That sounds like a lot of fun! I'm not much of a beach person, but I do enjoy hiking and camping.
Hi, I'm [name]. I like fishing, drinking beers, and going to the creek.
I love The Tale of Genji. It's a classic Japanese novel that's full of beautiful poetry and prose.
I love Italian food too! I'm not a big fan of Asian food, but I do like sushi.
It was so much fun! I went to the Eiffel Tower, the Louvre, and the Champs-Élysées.
I like hiking too! I've never been on the Appalachian Trail, but I've heard great things about it.
I like to go fishing, play board games, and spend time with my family.
I'm not very good at gardening either, but I enjoy it. And I'm learning how to build things.
Me too! I just finished reading the Mistborn series by Brandon Sanderson.
I'm a customer service representative for a telecommunications company.
That sounds awesome! I'm sure it's a great car to work on too.
I love cakes too! My favorite kind of cake is chocolate cake.
I can imagine! I'm from California, so Mexican food is pretty popular here too.
I love to draw, listen to music, and spend time with my family.
I love apples too! I'm not much of a morning person, though. I prefer to stay up late and sleep in.
I don't know if I have a favorite, but I really enjoyed "The Hangover" movies.
That would be fun! I'm sure our cats would love to meet each other.
I'm glad you think so. I think it's a really important message to send.
That's awesome! I used to play video games when I was younger, but I don't have much time for them anymore.
I love to read, write, and travel. I am also a huge fan of football.
I love lasagna too! It's so easy to make and it always turns out delicious.
Oh, that sounds interesting! I'm a stay-at-home mom, so I don't have a job right now.
Oh, that's awesome! I've always wanted to try watercolor painting.
Wow, that's great! I've always wanted to learn how to dance ballet.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I have a mountain bike. I like to go on trails and off-roading.
They are! I'm always on the edge of my seat when I watch them.
Thank you. It was a difficult time, but I'm glad I was able to make it through.
You should! It's a great way to meet new people and make friends.
It's great! I love working on projects that are used by millions of people.
I love the nighttime too! I'm an artist and I love working late into the night.
That's cool! I like to go to the casino too. I've also been to a few different countries, but I've never been to Asia.
It's definitely different. I've moved around a lot and I've attended 16 schools in 12 years.
That's a tough question. I have a lot of favorite movies. But one of my favorites is "The Shawshank Redemption."
I love being outdoors and exploring new places. I also love the exercise.
It's a lot of work, but it's also very rewarding. I love being able to help people create beautiful things for their homes.
That sounds like fun. I'm going to go fishing with my friends.
I like to play all sorts of games, but my favorite kind of games are action games and puzzle games.
I also like to watch The Office, Parks and Recreation, and The Good Place.
I've heard that's a beautiful place. I've always wanted to go to India.
It's a genre of music that's typically acoustic and focuses on traditional instruments and melodies. It's very relaxing and peaceful.
I'm not sure yet. I'm thinking about going into pediatrics or family medicine.
That's a long time! I wish I had started swimming competitively when I was younger.
I play a lot of different kinds of music, but I mostly play rock and blues.
It is! We love eating mushrooms, so we always want to have some on hand.
You should definitely do it! It's a great way to relax and have fun.
Me too! It's always nice to meet someone who has the same interests as you.
My favorite book is Pride and Prejudice. It's a classic for a reason.
I like to read all kinds of books, but I especially like historical fiction and romance novels.
I like to watch Empire, listen to music, and play video games.
Me too. It's a great way to get some exercise and enjoy nature.
I like all kinds of music, but my favorite is probably rock.
I agree! It's a great place to escape from the hustle and bustle of everyday life.
I'm looking for something in the library field. I've always loved books and I think I would be a good librarian.
Me too! I'm really excited to see where the story goes in the future.
I wanted to try something different. I'm not sure if I'll keep it long, but I'm enjoying it for now.
They are! I love how it makes me feel. It's a great way to relax and de-stress.
I bet that's a lot of fun! I've never been to the track before.
That sounds like fun! I like to do a lot of the same things.
I don't know if I have a favorite, but I really enjoyed the "Girl on the Train" by Paula Hawkins.
Oh, that's interesting. I've never been a big fan of those kinds of movies, but I can see why you like them.
That would be fun! I'm always looking for new people to watch football with.
I think we need to keep fighting for women's rights. We need to make sure that women have access to the care they need.
I like to play all kinds of games, but my favorite genre is probably action RPGs.
That sounds like a lot of fun! I love the beach too. I'm actually from California, so I grew up spending a lot of time at the beach.
Oh, I like soccer too! I used to play on a team, but I had to quit because I got too busy.
I love historical fiction too! I've read a lot of books by Ken Follett.
I like to draw. I have a three ring binder full of my drawings.
It is! I also love the collaborative nature of the work. It's a lot of fun working with other people on solving problems.
I've never been hiking or camping, but I've always wanted to try.
I think my favorite role was when I played Romeo in Romeo and Juliet.
Me too! I think it's one of the most fascinating periods in American history.
That's so great! I love helping people too. I'm a vegan, so I volunteer at a local animal shelter.
I love getting to spend time with dogs and getting them out of the house.
I love making wedding cakes. They're so beautiful and intricate.
Add the white wine and chicken broth to the pot and bring to a simmer.
That would be amazing! I've always wanted to see the Great Wall of China.
I love to go camping and horseback riding. I also like to go to concerts and plays.
[On the way back to shore, they talk about their favorite books.]
I'm a cake decorator. I work at a bakery and decorate cakes for people's birthdays, weddings, and other special occasions.
Yes, I have a golden retriever named Buddy. He's the best dog in the world.
Those are all great hobbies. I love to cook too, but I'm not very good at it.
Okay, well I should probably go. It was nice talking to you!
That sounds really interesting! I'm sure you're very good at it.
I like all kinds of games, but I mostly play RPGs and action games.
That's so cool! I've always wanted to get a tattoo, but I'm too afraid of the pain.
I love the feeling of the sand between my toes and the sound of the waves crashing on the shore.
That's awesome! I can't play anything, but I love listening to music.
Yes, it is! It means that I don't eat any animal products, like meat, dairy, or eggs.
It sounds like something I would like. I'll have to check it out.
I've heard of superhero comics, but I don't know much about the other two.
That sounds fun. I like to do those things too, but I also like to play video games and watch TV.
You should try it! They're a great way to see new places and meet new people.
I hunt for both. I love being outdoors and I love the challenge of hunting.
My dog Charlie is the same way. He's always happy to see me.
Me too! I used to go to the library all the time when I was a kid.
That sounds like fun! I like to read and play video games too.
I love to work out and play racquetball. I'm also a big fan of watching TV.
My favorite thing is being able to play with my teammates. We're all like a family, and we love to win together.
Maybe I will. I've also always wanted to try gardening but I don't have a lot of space.
I like to watch movies, listen to music, and play video games.
I see. I'm from the north, so I've never really been around hunting.
I love the quiet and the books. I love to just get lost in a good book.
That sounds like a fun job. I used to lifeguard at a pool when I was younger.
I'm glad to hear that! I'm always looking for new book recommendations.
I like a lot of different genres, but I mostly listen to country music.
It's hard to say, but I really liked the "Harry Potter" series.
Haha, succulents can be tricky! I have a lot of luck with them, but I also have a lot of experience with gardening.
That's awesome! I've always wanted to have a garden, but I don't have much space.
My parents are pretty traditional. They're not very accepting of different sexualities or gender identities.
Thanks! I'm still not sure which one I want to do, but I'm sure I'll figure it out eventually.
I love hiking too! I'm always looking for new places to explore.
Me too! I also like watching documentaries and reading books.
Me neither! I'm always falling down, but it's still so much fun.
I like a little bit of everything, but I'm really into pop music right now.
That's one of my favorites too! I love the way King writes about death.
Yeah, I'm going to audition for the Royal Ballet School in London.
Me too! I'm not sure how they're going to pull it off, but I'm hopeful.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I might have to give it a try.
Nice! I might go to the movies too. I'm not sure what I want to see yet.
I like to play recreational games, listen to classic rock, and try different beers from various countries.
It's a great instrument. It's very rewarding to learn how to play.
I'm glad too. It's a great way to relax and enjoy the outdoors.
I like the Beatles, the Rolling Stones, and the Doors. I also like Kendrick Lamar, J. Cole, and Drake.
I love animals, so I spend a lot of time on my farm with my pigs, horses, and hens. I also love dancing and listening to country music.
Those sound like fun things to do. I like to go on walks and bake too.
I like the Metropolitan Museum of Art. I love all the different exhibits they have.
I like the open-world aspect of it. I like being able to explore and do whatever I want.
I do community theater when I'm not in school. I'm actually in a show right now that opens next weekend.
I like the challenge of it, and I like seeing the finished product.
Interesting! I've always been interested in web development.
I've heard good things about Outlander! I'll have to check it out.
You should! It's a great way to relax and learn something new.
It's hard to choose just one, but I'd say my favorite is The Pillars of the Earth by Ken Follett.
I was a midfielder. I loved playing the ball around and setting up my teammates for goals.
Oh, that's cool. I've always been a bit of a bookworm myself.
That sounds like a lot of fun. I don't have any nephews, but I love spending time with my dog.
I love concerts too! I'm not a big reader, but I like to play video games too.
There are a few great places to bike around here. I like to go to the park or the beach.
I like to read all sorts of things, but I'm especially interested in history and science.
I love seeing the different landscapes and wildlife. I also love the challenge of hiking uphill.
It's challenging, but it's also very rewarding. I like helping people and making a difference in their lives.
I'm glad to hear that. It sounds like you're a very happy person.
There are actually a lot of vegans out there! It's becoming more and more popular.
It is! I love how reading can open up your mind to new ideas.
Well, if you ever do decide to go camping, let me know. I'd be happy to show you the ropes.
I'm not really into working out, but I can see how it could be a good way to relieve stress.
I'm reading a book called "The Secret History" by Donna Tartt. It's a mystery set at a prestigious university.
I love all kinds of movies, but my favorite movies are The Lord of the Rings trilogy and The Shawshank Redemption.
I like to read a variety of books, but I'm especially interested in science fiction and fantasy.
Thank you! It's definitely not for everyone, but I find it to be very rewarding.
I think it's a great choice. It's good for the animals, the environment, and your health.
It was nice talking to you too! I'd love to chat again sometime.
