I like to bake all sorts of things, but my favorite is chocolate cake.
Me too! I love how he uses his art to make statements about the world.
I enjoy trying different beers from various countries, working on cars, and playing recreational games like cards, darts, or billiards.
I hate popcorn! I don't know why, but I just can't stand the taste of it.
That's cool! I like to play video games too. What's your favorite video game?
It's a lot of fun! I travel all over the world competing in tournaments.
I was able to escape with the help of a friend. We were able to make it to a safe place where we were able to start a new life.
I'm not sure yet. I'm thinking about working in a hospital or with children.
I love The Lord of the Rings series by J.R.R. Tolkien and The Girl on the Train by Paula Hawkins.
I like to take him for walks in the park. He loves to run around and play fetch.
I like playing all kinds of video games, but I'm especially into action games and RPGs.
I think my favorite is The Little Mermaid. I love Ariel and her story.
I'm actually a librarian, and I'm working on a book about the history of hot dogs.
They are! He's always getting into trouble, but he's also so sweet.
I love taking my kids on nature walks. We have two pets as well, a dog and a cat, and we love to go on hikes with them.
It's not that hard. You just need to know how to grind the beans, measure the water, and heat it up.
I do! I love getting to know my students and helping them learn.
I know what you mean. I'm a cheerleader, so I'm always around people. It can be exhausting.
Me too! I love exploring big worlds and creating my own characters.
I'm a retired millionaire. I used to be a telemarketer, but then I won the lottery.
I think my favorite place was Italy. The food was amazing, and the people were so friendly.
I've heard good things about that series! I've been meaning to check it out.
I like to go to the movies, go to the park, and play video games.
That's cool. I love to surf too! I'm also a fan of Italian food.
I love that feeling. It's like you can escape from your own life for a little while.
Well, it was nice talking to you. I hope you have a great day!
That's so cool! I love to watch movies. What kind of movies do you like to make?
I like to mountain bike, and I'm also an environmental activist.
I like to go rollerblading, play video games, and watch movies.
I'm a student at a small community college. I'm studying to be a nurse.
Those are all great authors! I love Jane Austen too. She's one of my favorites.
I like to catch anything I can, but I especially like catching bass and trout.
That sounds great! I like to cut down trees, fish, and eat lots of pancakes and syrup.
Those are all great hobbies! I like to run, eat cheesecake, and watch movies.
That's awesome! I used to play the piano, but I stopped when I was a kid.
I'll have to try it sometime. What kind of music do you like to play?
Those are great songs! I also love "Love Story" and "You Belong With Me."
I like to do those things too. I also like to go to the movies, go out to eat, and take drives in the country.
Thanks. I'm still not sure what I want to do with my life, but I'm starting to feel like I have some energy again.
That sounds like fun! I like to play with my Barbies, I'm a vegan, and I'm an only child.
I can understand that. I'm a vegetarian, so I have to be picky about what I eat.
I like historical fiction too! I love learning about the past.
There are lots of vegan proteins that are good for athletes.
I love Italian food! I have a friend who is a chef at an Italian restaurant, and he always makes the best food.
I usually put them in a salad with mixed greens, tomatoes, cucumbers, and avocado.
I like all kinds of movies, but I especially like comedies and dramas.
I love to spend time with my family and friends. We like to go to the beach, play games, and just relax.
I like to watch movies, play video games, and go out to eat.
I like to go for walks with my dog, take baths, and exercise.
Oh, that must be interesting! What's it like being on the road all the time?
That's interesting. I've never really understood why some people are vegetarians but still eat fish.
Yeah, they're a lot of fun. You should check out some of the classics like Final Fantasy VII or The Witcher 3.
Hey! I'm a huge fan of the Avett Brothers. Have you ever seen them in concert?
That's really cool! I've always wanted to be able to paint, but I'm not very good at it.
Oh, that's cool! I like to skateboard, and I have a crush on my co worker.
I just finished reading a really good mystery novel. It was about a woman who was trying to find out who killed her husband.
That's a good choice. The Victorian era was a time of great change and innovation.
I'm glad you think so. I'm a Buddhist, and I'm always happy to talk about it with people.
I like to bake all sorts of things, but my favorite is probably brownies.
I like all kinds of games, but I'm really into role-playing games right now.
My favorite food is pizza. I love the combination of cheese, sauce, and toppings.
Oh, I love Death Note too! I haven't seen Hunter x Hunter yet, but I've heard good things about it.
It's pretty interesting! I get to work with a lot of different people and I get to see how businesses work.
Thanks! I think it's important to make sure that everyone has access to clean water.
I grow a lot of different kinds of plants, but my favorites are tomatoes, cucumbers, and peppers.
I can imagine. Do you plan to continue dancing after you retire?
Those are all great genres! I love open-world games and role-playing games too.
That's great! I am sure you will be healthy and fit in no time.
Those are all great games! I'm a big fan of The Legend of Zelda and Mario Kart too.
I think everyone is good at drawing in their own way. It doesn't matter if you're not perfect, as long as you enjoy it.
I love historical fiction too! What are some of your favorite historical fiction books?
I want to go to the UK. I've always wanted to see the sights.
I'm a software engineer. I work long hours, but I love my job.
I don't think you need a cardigan to look cultured. You seem like a very smart person.
Sounds like we have similar interests. I like to go out to eat, go to the movies, and hang out with friends too.
I love hiking too! I've never been bike riding, but I've always wanted to try it.
Me too! I love to try new foods. I'm also a big fan of movies.
I've thought about being a librarian, but I'm not sure if I'm smart enough.
I'm so glad I went to the farmer's market with you. I've been eating so much delicious food this week.
I'm not sure yet. I'm thinking about going back to school to get my master's degree.
I love to dance! I've been dancing since I was a little kid.
I agree. I think it's important to be true to yourself, no matter what.
That's a really great answer. I know that I'll feel the same way when I'm a teacher.
Me too! They're so good! So, what's your favorite movie of all time?
I'm a music teacher at a local school. I love teaching music to kids.
Oh, that's interesting. I love reading about psychology and philosophy.
It's so good! I love all the characters and the story is just amazing.
The Grand Canyon is amazing! I went there a few years ago and it was one of the most beautiful places I've ever seen.
Nice to meet you, Sarah. What's your favorite thing about being a mom?
I like the story and the characters. I also like the combat system.
I love going to the movies too! What kind of movies do you like to see?
I work in a corner grocery store during the day and in the evenings I watch the door at a club where they play punkrock.
I agree. It's one of those books that you can read over and over again and always find something new.
You should come with me sometime! I'd love to show you around.
I agree. It's going to be interesting to see how the legal profession changes in the coming years.
I write about anything that interests me, but mostly I write about people and their stories.
I like to surf. I live in California, so it's the perfect place to do it.
I've been thinking about it. I just don't know if I have the time to take care of one.
Oh, that sounds like a fun job. What's your favorite part about it?
Those all sound like great hobbies. I like to read novels by female authors too. Do you have any recommendations?
I'm looking for someone who is kind, funny, and intelligent. I want someone who is my best friend and who I can grow old with.
I also like to collect vintage furniture. I have a lot of cool pieces in my apartment.
I guess it's just a personal choice. I don't like the idea of eating animals, but I do like the taste of fish.
That's understandable. I'm sure it can be a lot of pressure.
Oh, that's too bad. Where do you like to go when you do get the chance?
I like to go to the movies, read books, and spend time with my friends and family.
I might have to check it out. What's your favorite video game?
I love the freedom I have to be creative and the fact that I can work from home.
That's cool! I have never tried rock climbing. What kind of things do you like to write?
I like those too! I've been reading a lot of historical fiction lately.
I know, right? It's so important to be able to listen to other people.
Oh, cool! I love playing video games too. What games do you play?
I just got back from a trip to Europe! It was amazing. I went to Italy, France, and Spain.
I agree! The story is very emotional and the characters are all very well-developed.
I like to watch TV, play the piano, and spend time with my boyfriend.
I don't know if I could pick just one, but I really love the Harry Potter series.
I have a lot of favorite bands, but I'd have to say that my favorite band is Van Halen.
That's awesome! I'm actually bilingual in English and French.
I like to play Nintendo, go camping, and spend time with my husky.
I like to hang out with my friends and family. I also like to go to the movies and play video games.
Wow! That's amazing! I've never heard of anyone playing the electric violin.
That sounds great! I like to read too. What kind of books do you like to read?
Oh, that's cool. I've always wanted to learn how to dance Latin.
That's a great episode! I love the part where Baltar gets betrayed by the Cylons.
I like to play Candy Crush, Angry Birds, and Words with Friends.
I am doing well, thank you! I am just relaxing at the lake. How about you?
I like to read biographies and autobiographies. I also like to read books about history and science.
Those are all great foods! I like pizza, pasta, and ice cream.
I like the excitement and the energy. There's always something going on.
That's nice! I like to spend time with my sister, who is a guitarist.
Great! I'll send you a message later and we can set something up.
That would be great! I'll bring my swimsuit so we can go swimming after we're done making boats.
Hello, I am a 32 year old house wife who has been married for 8 years. I am on a diet and can't drive.
Me too! I'm a big fan of the Civil War. I've read a lot of books about it as well.
Some of my favorite movies are The Shawshank Redemption, The Dark Knight, and The Godfather.
Sounds like we have similar interests! I also like to explore new places and try new things.
Me too! I'm not really much of a science person, but I love nature.
I like to watch movies, play video games, and hang out with my friends.
So, what's your favorite thing about being a cake decorator?
It is! I love the feeling of the wind in my hair and the waves crashing over me.
That sounds interesting. I'm not very good at managing my money.
I love to read and write too. I'm not so good at video games, though.
Thanks. So, what's your favorite thing to do in the mountains?
I like to play sports, listen to music, and hang out with my friends.
I'm looking for someone who is kind, supportive, and understanding.
I do! I like learning new things, and I'm always happy to help people with their computer problems.
Those are all great qualities. I'm sure you'll find someone who is perfect for you.
I can imagine. So, what's your favorite thing about being a navy brat?
I love all sorts of books, but I'm especially fond of historical fiction. I also like science fiction and fantasy.
Wow, that's really cool! I've always wanted to learn how to make pottery.
Hi! I'm interested in robotics. Do you know anything about it?
Oh, that's cool! I like to go hiking, play video games, and read books.
I also love fall because it's the time for pumpkin spice everything.
I agree! I love animals too. I have two dogs and three cats.
I don't want to give too much away, but it's about a woman who goes missing, and her husband is the prime suspect.
I like to play sports. My favorite sport is football. I hope to be a professional football player when I grow up.
I love listening to Bruno Mars! What's your favorite song by him?
That's awesome! I'm sure you have a lot of fun with your students.
That's a tough question, but I think I'd have to say The Lord of the Rings.
That sounds like a lot of fun! I love cooking too. I'm not so good at swimming, but I enjoy it.
